[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> When I decided to come to
England and Scotland for this
trip, I just thought it
would be a trip for people,
not a part of a mission until I
understood the system of what I
was doing around Europe, which
was this healing process related
to the concept of the apple.
All the mythological stories
that I've been following,
they describe, actually, the
magnetic field of the planet.
They describe a stone
that is surrounded
by water that has a sword,
which is the axis, a tree, which
has rainbows all around,
which is the magnetic field,
and the golden apples
are the nodes of the net.
And there is always a knight
that has to take the sword,
heal the wound,
fight the dragon,
and make the poison, which
is the wounds of this Earth,
into medicine, which is the
transcendence and potentials
that you can activate
from yourself.
So it's a description of
how the DNA is activated
by the power of realization and
taking the power back within
and not searching
for it outside.
All those keys are
telling me that we
have to find the rotten apples
in our own tree of life,
try to heal the wound
there, grab the sword,
and take the power back from
the light, from the water,
and release the poison, which is
the potential, the power that we
don't know how to use
without consciousness.
So that's why to have
a purpose in the north
means to bring consciousness
related to the poison
and create medicine.
So every time that we
travel through the planet
and we create an
initiative path,
we are actually following
the trace of the branches
and the roots of that tree.
I decided to call the trip
Hol-hah because in Atlantean
language, "hol" means
a cycle of time,
and "hah" means to eternity.
So Hol-hah means a
cycle of eternity,
which is related to the days
out of time in the Atlantean
calendar, the 30/31 of
July and 1/2/3 of August--
those days usually are
called the days out of time
when you complete a
cycle of 360 days.
The year begins when the star of
Sirius appears in the horizon.
In the north
hemisphere, that occurs
in the first week of August.
We organized this trip
during the days out of time.
The idea of the Hol-hah is to
make all the people, not only
the ones traveling
but also those
who are connected to
our trips in the network
to do something special
every end of the cycle
and the beginning of a new one.
So the idea is to
celebrate, like,
a kind of a weird
Christmas in which we all
remember, oh, these days
are the days out of time.
So we should do
something special
and connect something
all together
and put an intention
as a network.
So the idea of the
path is to start
walking to create this
engagement for everyone to know,
OK, these next
days, we will start
putting an intention
with all together
to say happy year to everyone.
Our path through Great
Britain is through the chakras
of the island.
So we follow this line.
And Avebury represents
the second chakra,
which is the womb, the center
of creation, the sacrum.
The circle of Avebury represents
a cell that is divided in two.
So it's the circle
representing the pilgrimage
of all the feminine energies,
all the mothers that
went there to connect with
Mother Earth, Mother Sky,
the origin of life.
I decided to start in
Avebury because of the trees
that take care of the
information of that circle.
There are four trees that are
a sacred spot-- the guardians.
They are the keepers
of the memory.
So every time that I
want to ask something
or to understand what I'm
doing, I usually go there first.
And that's why
talking to the trees
there is like talking
to the energy of all
the motherhood that has
been created in that land.
So my idea always is to bring
the people under the trees,
to feel that they are part
of that family, in that cell,
in that womb of Mother Earth.
This place here--
for me, these trees
are very important because
they, for centuries,
have been taking
care of the energy
and the memory of
this territory.
So I think that it's important
that we begin our trip here
because in these roots,
connecting with these ancestors,
we can connect with
the information of all
the circle that represents the
womb or the mother cell of all
the island.
Usually, when people
say I go to Avalon,
we relate Avalon
with Glastonbury.
But actually, when
we say Avalon--
for the ancient ones
was the entire island,
was all the British Isles.
So what is the task?
To start collecting the
apples of the tree of life.
The idea is to collect the
apples of the tree, which
are our chakras, put them
on the basket of our "I am,"
and take it to the
north, to the crown.
We are not leaving Avalon
when we go away to the north.
We are going through Avalon
until the very last stone
circle, the Ring
of Brodgar, which
is in the Orkney
Islands, that represents
the crown, the
connection to the spirit.
So the stone circles will
represent the negative going
inside to the center.
And the natural ones
will be representing
the outside, the expansion.
But everything is
related to the apple.
And all those apples
come from the same tree.
The night before the people
came, I went to the circle
to receive the information--
also to ask permission.
That place there, for
me, is the place where
I talk with the Merlin.
And when I say Merlin
is the name of a bird,
the Merlin is a
black bird and is
the name of a brotherhood
of druids that
call themselves the Merlins.
It was not only one person.
So I usually go, and whoever
is there to talk to me,
I talk to him.
And then when I travel
through stone circles
or some other places,
different Merlins appear.
So it's not only one.
It's like an order.
My talk was about what
should I do with the people.
I never think before exactly
what should I do in the trip.
And he told me something
that I have to be--
in which I have to be very
clear with myself, which is you
are not here for the people.
You are here for the land.
And people are cells
that hold the memory
that you need in order
to access what it's
needed to be worked for many.
You have never been
working for people.
You have always been
connecting cells.
So he was very tough,
saying that to me,
because I was concerned--
like, what should I
do with people for the people?
And he said that.
So that gives me much certainty
and clarity and trust--
the process of the
information of every circle.
So the message was to take them
through nine circles and nine
natural places, going
through their nine chakras.
So this code, 999,
told me that is
the code that will hold
the pattern in the center
and will open every
wound of the system
in order to heal the
system to take the poison
and take it and turn
it into medicine.
That day, I explained
to everybody
what the circle means, this
feminine power, and what
is the tree of life.
So we could understand that
the task during this Hol-hah
would be to assimilate that
information of the tree,
find the wounds in each
one of the circles,
and start to build
up the tree again.
So, in order to do
it, I gave to each one
of the people in a
ceremony an apple
that they have to take care
of during the whole trip.
We breathe in and
start to resound
by following the frequency
and relate it to our soul.
So every apple is like a heart
or a toroid, a magnetic field
by its own.
And the main purpose
is for them to have
something physical
outside to relate to,
like I have my
heart in my hands,
and I have to prevent for it
to get rotten for 14 days.
That day, when I
was explaining that,
a crop circle appeared
outside Avebury.
And we couldn't go because
we knew that the day
after, when we left.
The crop circle is
actually nine circles,
nine circles, nine circles, all
connected in a net into one.
It's the same
explanation that I did.
Glastonbury is the center of
spirituality in the region.
And the Abbey of
Glastonbury is the place
where the story says José de
Arimatea took the Holy Grail
to England away from Israel.
The story is actually
about a place
where the feminine is respected
because the Holy Grail actually
refers to a woman that
has within the lineage
of the feminine
and God on Earth.
So the abbey was holy
because all the women used
to gather there because of
the ponds and the wells that
were coming from the
Tor, from the hills.
So all this water
were a place where
they connected with the force
of the mother of nature.
And actually, all those wells
created a pond of water, a lake,
where they call it
the Lady of the Lake
through the sword of Calibur.
So eventually, Merlin
would take it from the lake
and put it on the sword,
so King Arthur or whoever
has a pure soul could go and
take the sword from the stone.
So that land there represents
the Isle of Avalon,
the place of the apples,
where the lake was
created by the wells and
the sword was hidden.
When I got there, I knew
that there's the legend,
and also, there is a
physical inscription
that the tomb of King Arthur
was supposed to be there.
So I invited everyone to honor
the territory and the holy place
that it is.
And then I felt called to walk
around, and I felt the call--
go to the pond, go to the
lake where the sword is.
I had no idea there was a pond.
I had never been there.
I'd always been in the abbey
by itself, and that's it.
So I started to walk around,
and I said, where is the pond?
Where is the lake?
And the feeling was
where Avalon is.
That's where the apples are.
So I started to look
for an apple tree.
So I was looking
into every apple.
Where is the apple?
Where's the apple?
And I couldn't find any until I
suddenly saw the pond surrounded
by a forest of apple trees.
And I had no idea that existed.
So I said, OK, this is it.
This is the pond
that maybe represents
the very ancient pond that
someday was around the area.
As I first entered
the forest, I tried
to feel which tree
was calling me.
So I saw one that felt like
extending its hand towards me.
So I went to extend my hand
to say, like, here I am.
And when I did that, instead
of grabbing the leaves,
I grabbed a dead branch.
So as I got it, I pull it out.
And this little wand
up here it was broken.
So it was like, I took it.
And I said, well,
that was a gift.
And a little apple fell
from there, from the branch.
So I got it too,
put it in my heart.
And I said, well, I
didn't have a wand,
so it was a gift
from the apple tree.
As I call everybody
to come to the pond,
I locate them, saying, OK, maybe
we have to do, I don't know,
meditation here.
So you can see it
facing the lake.
Everyone was there.
And I was waiting,
like, now what?
What should I do?
So I was called by
another tree, so that's
why I went to the tree.
And when I got there, I started
to feel the presence of someone
emerging.
He came to me and took over.
I went back to the
pond and started
to make them all breathe
to realize where they were.
And the idea that I
remember from what he said--
he said remember
that your spines
are held by the trees of life.
Look within.
Find the real power,
the tree of life.
And everyone was
giving their back
to the forest of apple trees, so
everyone was feeling the trunks
in our spines.
So become yourself-- the
apple tree, the tree of life--
and feel the chakras
being the apples.
And after that, he connected
every crown chakra,
aligning the spine of everyone.
He started to say, now
that you recognize yourself
as the forest, look in front of
you, and you will see the Tor.
And right in front, it
was the Hill of Tor.
He said, remember that "Tor" is
another name for the mother that
has united you all here today.
"Tor" means tower.
And tower in Hebrew is "migdal."
So Mary of Magdala
is the mother of love
because Mary means
"love" in Egyptian.
So it's the love of the one
that lives in the tower.
So the Tor is a feminine aspect.
The tor is basically the
mother of the humanity,
the mother of god.
And it's the feminine aspect
that you have to align with.
So open your legs and
connect your wombs,
even if you are
a masculine body.
Connect with that.
Connect with the
tower as a symbolism
of power of the feminine
rising up to the skies.
And when he was calling that
he said, look into the sky,
and you will see
the father, God.
And the son was right
there above the tower.
And I said, so she
is the feminine.
He is the masculine.
And the way you will
see the masculine in you
is by the reflection
of the water.
So see the light
coming to the water,
and you will see the lake
becoming the eye of god.
The reflection of
the soul within you,
where the invisible
meets the visible, where
the spirit is born in the body.
Water are the eyes of god.
When you see yourself in
the reflection of the water,
you are actually seeing
yourself being god.
And that reflection is the
two sides of the sword.
So the sword is actually
your own reflection.
Grab your reflection
from the light
and make the sword come
up, from your reflection
up, cutting in half
all the apples so you
can see inside the seeds with
a poison and, from there,
create medicine by
sowing a new tree.
So it was like this whole story
of going up and rising the power
through god, entering
through the womb,
through the apple tree.
So all the symbolism was right
there on how to take that.
So it was like,
that's how Merlin
got to take the
sword from the lake,
by seeing god in the water.
When it ended, when he finished,
he went to the only dead tree
because every tree that
is alive is magnetic,
and the trees that
are dead but still
standing, they are electric.
So they're masculine.
It means that all the feminine
that are alive in those trees
are creating life and
in magnetic field.
And the dead is the one
that goes up to the sky
or deep into the ground.
So he went there straight,
and he grabbed a spider web
with my hand and took
all the Spider web
and put it around the apple.
And he said, remember,
you are the weaver.
And so weave the net
of the apple tree.
And he left.
After the abbey, we went
to Chalice Well, which
is where the famous pond is.
And that well has healing
powers since very ancient times.
So the idea was for them to
connect with that healing,
connect with that moment
of meditation and silence,
to assimilate what we have
been receiving in the abbey.
And from there, we cross to
a very holy, sacred place,
which is a pagan temple
called White Springs.
It's a pagan temple where
you connect with the feminine
and the masculine.
As we finish with that
purification of the body,
with this unification
of the two sides,
we went up the hill to the Tor.
I was walking slowly
because I wanted to be sure
that everyone was arriving.
So I was the last one.
And when I got there,
the whole group
already started activation.
And, for me, it was very,
very important at that moment
because it was like,
nobody's waiting for me,
and they know what to do.
And for me, it was like
when a teacher sees
that the students
already know how
to solve a problem without
he had to say anything,
it was like, oh, cool.
That was a very,
very nice feeling
of seeing how they managed
to feel the resonance,
to start sharing, to create it
with anybody saying what to do,
and taking benefit
of the environment,
of what was happening
in the environment.
And it was a very
powerful energy
that started to go up
and up with all the power
that we just talked about of
the sword, and take the sword,
and then go up there
in the hill to the Tor
and bring all the power
of the wombs going up.
So all the women were
creating this circle,
dancing and chanting, and it
was so powerful, so beautiful.
And I just had to say two
or three words for them
to remember some
things, but that's it.
And everything was, like, very
powerful, going up and up.
I was grabbing the
light of the sun that
was coming from behind to
bring the light of the divine
into the womb.
And in the same moment I
did that, in the center, one
of the ladies of the group,
she raised up the crystal ball.
But she raised it up like this
to put the light exactly there.
But she was on her
back, so she couldn't
see that I was doing that.
So it was all perfectly aligned.
And as we were
doing it, I brought
the energy, and a seed of
those who are flying around,
the white, big seeds, enters
and follows the pattern
and goes to the center and
starts to rise up in a circle,
and it goes up and up as we
were doing faster and faster.
And suddenly, everyone,
at the same time,
started to find silence,
and the seed went up.
So it was like the confirmation
of that activation.
When the power of the feminine
rising up towards the sky
manifested in a seed
that went to the skies,
I understood that Stonehenge,
which is the root chakra,
should receive that seed.
That's why, in the
next day, we prepare
ourselves to give the seed
to the core of Stonehenge.
Stonehenge was the
main ceremonial center
for all England and Scotland.
The Merlin said every seed is
covered in a kind of a poison.
>> Turn the poison
into medicine.
>> We have to use our poison in
order to create something new.
[MUSIC PLAYING]